[Music]
okay no matter how deeply in love you
are with the animal world
nobody likes uninvited guests in their
house especially when they just appear
at any moment in brace yourself your
bathroom or toilet why do they do that
and how can you protect yourself from
unpleasant surprises I'll tell you
everything you need to know and more
number one rats that's normally what you
might say when you see one they're
mostly just unsanitary there's nothing
particularly scary about a single rat
they're not frightening because of their
appearance at all
some people even find them quite cute
but that's just if we're speaking about
domesticated ones that are clean and
happy even I like those but the others
that live all around us still puts
shivers down my spine because of just
one of their traits where there's one
there's hundreds it also doesn't help
that everywhere you are they're always
closed you just can't see them the
ability of these creatures to fool
everyone and adapt to us humans is just
unimaginable unimaginable and creepy the
Disney movie ratatouille notwithstanding
of course but enough spooky stories
you've probably already been told at
some point that they fear you more than
you fear them and that's true
rats are extremely cowardly and that's
exactly the reason they're so sneaky
it's also the reason why they may end up
in your most private zone rats are
always on the hunt for two things food
and shelter and if you think of it from
the perspective of a small furry ball of
cowardice there's no better shelter than
sewers they're cool when it's hot
outside and warm when it's cold outside
there's always something falling you can
snatch for yourself and there are no
humans and not many predators what else
in a simple rat wish for except when
your own kind becomes the most fearsome
predator and you're too shy to strike
back
you see rats have an unspeakable social
structure there are always bullies among
them that kick weaker rats around and
take their food for themselves in a time
of need let's say a flood in the
sewers or the overpopulation of rats
those attacks become only more vicious
so some rats prefer to just run from the
sewers to find some other shelter for
themselves remember only the most
desperate rat would go right to the
center of the danger zone which is your
home for the most part you really have
nothing to worry about but there are
desperate times for rats and being
excellent swimmers there most certainly
capable of going through the toilet
plumbing it just doesn't happen
naturally they know you don't want them
around and that you might be aggressive
towards them that's enough of a reason
for them to stay away but you can
further ensure your safety by following
some simple advice
try not to flush any food remains down
the toilet and make sure your pipes are
more than 24 inches wide
rats are fans of closed spaces and wider
pipes just don't fit them well there are
a lot more chances they'll just avoid
them in any case if you see a rat
somewhere near your place let
specialists deal with them number two
frogs now don't laugh I'm serious let's
go down the list of qualities that allow
an animal to show up in the bathroom if
you don't believe me it should be good
at going through tight places never
tried to hold a frog in your hands it's
like trying to catch wet soap it's
slippery and will basically go anywhere
it wants
how about swimming frogs are pros at
that and they should have a good reason
to come to your house hmm that's where
it gets weird I agree but frogs have the
best reason I'll give you a hint they
swarm around when you forget to switch
the lights off in hundred times of the
year yep you guessed it insects some
people have the bad habit of leaving a
light on in the bathroom and where
there's light there are insects every
frog knows that so if you find it funny
and improbable I have news for you you
probably don't have such a habit and
won't meet a frog in your toilet but you
know I was shocked to learn that it's
quite a common problem in hot and moist
areas at least frogs aren't harmful in
any way number three snakes okay let's
be honest you knew they'd be on this
list but you
hoping that snakes in a toilet bowl are
just an urban legend unfortunately I've
got nothing to soothe you here snakes
and sewer pipes go together just fine
snakes are the champions of flexibility
in the animal world they can also swim
long distances there are even some pro
swimmers among snakes which are water
snakes they for the most part live in
the water the sides of a snake like that
are flattened effectively making its
body one long fin but that doesn't mean
that they're round sighted brothers
can't swim all snakes are capable of
that special s-shaped movement that
allows them to not only stay afloat on
the water but also develop an impressive
speed and finally they love to hunt rats
we just figured out that sewers can be a
home for rats which are a good source of
food for snakes still the sewers
themselves are not the best place for
snakes serpents are cold-blooded
reptiles and that means that they need
to lay in the Sun and get out of the
water as much as they can well this may
vary a lot from one snake species to
another
in general they won't like it in a cold
wet place where no light shines either
way people find snakes in white ceramic
bowls from time to time in 2017 there
were around is this number right yep
32,000 police calls about snakes and
houses in Bangkok and it seems like
their favorite places word pilot balls
supposedly that happened because rats
suddenly swarmed the city sewer system
due to ineffective trash recycling on
the streets one man even encountered a
10-foot Python that bit him hmm it
doesn't say where good thing pythons
aren't venomous at all but once again
there's almost nothing to worry about
most cities aren't suitable for snakes
well being in any possible way and add
to this snakes rarely bite people and
are rarely venomous even if we're
talking about venomous snakes about 50%
of registered cases of snake bites were
so called
dry bites when the snakes don't use
their poison because they just want to
be left alone like Brett
Garbo and that's mostly what they want
from people if a snake isn't cornered it
won't bite
it'll just find a way to slither away
from you in other words finding a snake
in the toilet extremely rare but
possible is this snake a threat to you
not at all if you don't try to mess with
it and just call the appropriate
services number for funnel-web spider
Australia is the place to find all kinds
of stories about strange creatures
living side by side with people from
giant Crocs on the street to people
abandoning towns because of invasions of
spiders flying on webs this crazy land
has it all but one spider species has
been earning its reputation for making
people freak out more than most
it's the funnel-web spider not only is
this spider venomous it also has a bad
habit of crawling into toilets and it
can go either way they fall into bowls
from ceilings and they can go through
plumbing like most spiders the funnel
web can't swim but it can survive in the
water for as long as 30 hours by
collecting air between the hairs on its
abdomen all in all encounters like this
range from wear to almost impossible
it's nothing to lose sleep over for sure
your house is still your castle and it's
not always scary things that appear in
your bathroom sometimes it's just little
animals who are in danger there were
even cases of squirrels falling into
sewers and finding their way out through
the plumbing of houses sometimes it also
happens to little possums to try not to
fear them maybe you're just their
desired rescuer after all now have you
ever stumbled upon some animal in an
unusual place let me know down in the
comments if you learned something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend but hey don't go
toilet diving just yet we have over 2000
cool videos for you to check out all you
have to do is pick the left or right
video click on it and enjoy stay on the
bright side of life